updates docs for config drift detection (#2872)
openshift/machine-config-operator: docs/MachineConfigDaemon.md

## Config Drift Detection

### Overview

There may be situations when the on-disk state of a node may differ or "drift"
from what is specified by the MachineConfig. This is usually (though not
always) due to a cluster admin manually editing files. In the past, the MCD
would only verify that the on-disk state matches what is specified by the
MachineConfig after a reboot. Whenever this occurs, the node and Machine Config
Pool (MCP) would be marked Degraded and unable to apply any MachineConfigs.

Because reboots do not frequently occur, the config drift isn't immediately
detected. In cases where the config drift was intentional, the cluster admin
may lose the context which necessitated the config drift between the time the
drift occurred and when it was detected. This leads to the node and / or MCP
becoming degraded at an inconvenient time and can block future updates until
the issue is remedied.

### Detection

> To avoid this, as of 4.10, the MCD uses fsnotify to proactively detect config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid this, as of 4.10, the MCD uses `fsnotify` to proactively detect config
```

drift and mark the node Degraded within seconds of the drift taking place. It
does so with the following rules:

> - It only pays attention to files, systemd units / dropins belonging to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It only pays attention to files and systemd units / dropins belonging to the
```

currently applied MachineConfig. In particular, it pays attention to the
contents of the file, the permissions of the file, and whether it exists. 

> - If a file is not defined by the currently applied MachineConfig, that file

Reviewer: I think because this bullet point is restating the previous bullet point, I would either take it out or make it a little more concise. Maybe "All other files are ignored"

will be ignored by the config drift detection.

### Remediation

> Once config drift is detected, there are two ways to recover:

Reviewer: I'm curious when each action will be taken

Author: I reworded most of this so that it better reflects what the Config Drift Monitor looks for, how it detects it, and what actions it takes. I also added additional context around how updates occur with the presence of the Config Drift Monitor.

Reviewer: Might be too technical to share these details. But I'm still curious:
1. Is this section step 5 for above? Or when does remediation occur?
2. In this section, when are the contents just rewritten, and when is the forcefile created?

Your call on whether that's worth adding!

> 1. Ensure that the file on disk to match what the MachineConfig expects by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure that the file on disk matches what the MachineConfig expects by
```

> manually writing the contents to the file, changing its permissions to
> match, etc.

Reviewer: Is there any other action that would be performed? If not I think I'd say:
```suggestion
manually writing the contents of the file or changing its permissions.
```

Whenever a filesystem write event is detected for any of the objects (Ignition
files and systemd units / dropins) defined in the currently applied
MachineConfig, the Config Drift Monitor validates that the file contents and
permissions fully match what the currently-applied MachineConfig specifies. In
addition to this, the on-disk state will be verified immediately before a new
MachineConfig is updated.

Whenever the Config Drift Monitor detects an inconsistent object, it will:
1. Emit an error to the console logs.
1. Emit a Kubernetes event indicating that a configuration drift has occurred.
1. Stop further verification.
1. Set `machineconfiguration.openshift.io/state` to `Degraded`. 

### Machine Config Updates

To apply a new MachineConfig, the Config Drift Monitor is temporarily shut down.
This is because the config will "drift" from the current MachineConfig to the
new MachineConfig. Once new MachineConfig has been applied (assuming no reboot
is needed), the Config Drift Monitor will be restarted and supplied with the
newly active MachineConfig. Once the node has rebooted, the Config Drift Monitor
is started once the MCD is out of the booting phase.

> Whenever the Config Drift Monitor is started or stoppped, a Kubernetes Event

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Whenever the Config Drift Monitor is started or stopped, a Kubernetes Event
```

sorry... one last thing

Author: Done!

will be emitted. At startup, the event will also include the name of the
MachineConfig it is using as a reference.

### Remediation

Once config drift is detected, there are two ways to recover:

1. Ensure that the contents and file permissons of the file on disk match what

> the MachineConfig expects and ensure that the file permissions match what. This

Reviewer 3: The sentence trails off after `match what.` , maybe just the first half of the sentence is enough?

Author: Good catch! I usually write better than this and should probably use a word processor in the future.
